Time-dependent CFL (#2248)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: NEWS.md

- `LobattoLegendreBasis` and related datastructures made fully floating-type general,
  enabling calculations with higher than double (`Float64`) precision ([#2128])
- In 2D, quadratic elements, i.e., 8-node (quadratic) quadrilaterals are now supported in standard Abaqus `inp` format ([#2217])
- The `cfl` value supplied in the `StepsizeCallback` and `GlmStepsizeCallback` can now be a function of simulation 
  time `t` to enable e.g. a ramp-up of the CFL value.

>   This is useful for simulations which are initialized with an "unphysical" initial condition, but not permit the usage of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is useful for simulations that are initialized with an "unphysical" initial condition, but do not permit the usage of
```
